- [singing in Japanese]
c0000001
[The Peggies' "Kimi no sei"]
c0000002
♪ ♪
c0000003
c0000004
♪ ♪
c0000005
[melancholic music]
c0000006
♪ ♪
c0000007
- He should still be home
right around this time.
c0000008
[receiver clicks]
c0000009
[beeping]
c0000010
Mm?
c0000011
- What is it, Sakuta?
c0000012
- It seems like Kaede's gotten
her memories back.
c0000013
- Really?
- I wouldn't call you unless
c0000014
I was positive.
- Of course not.
c0000015
- I'm planning on having her
checked out at the hospital now.
c0000016
Can you come?
- Sure thing.
c0000017
- It seems she has no
recollection of the period
c0000018
when she had amnesia.
c0000019
The current situation
is a little difficult for her
c0000020
to grasp for now,
but after a while,
c0000021
as more things come up,
c0000022
she will start to notice
the gaps in her memory.
c0000023
It would be best to admit her
c0000024
for observation
until this settles.
c0000025
- We'll be counting on you,
then.
c0000026
- I seriously don't think that
there's anything actually wrong
c0000027
with me, though.
- You're really Kaede,
c0000028
my little girl?
[crying]
c0000029
- Hmm?
c0000030
D--Dad, why are you crying?
c0000031
- [crying]
I'm fine. It's just--
c0000032
- You're kinda makin' me feel
embarrassed over here.
c0000033
- [whimpers]
You're right.
c0000034
- It's nothing you need
to cry over, really.
c0000035
[grunts]
Where you goin'?
c0000036
- Just the bathroom.
c0000037
[sniffling]
c0000038
[screaming]
c0000039
[wailing]
c0000040
[crying]
c0000041
[screaming]
c0000042
Was she gonna go back
to the zoo
c0000043
and see the pandas again?
c0000044
You said you were gonna get
your money's worth
c0000045
from the annual pass,
didn't you?
c0000046
You said you could even go
to school tomorrow.
c0000047
You said you thought you could.
c0000048
Kaede just said that to me!
c0000049
[crying]
c0000050
Not this.
c0000051
Not now, dammit!
c0000052
Give me a break!
What the hell is this?
c0000053
Any of this?
c0000054
[crying]
c0000055
- You're going to be all right,
Sakuta.
c0000056
- [gasps]
c0000057
Shoko-san.
c0000058
- Yes, that is my name.
c0000059
Now that I'm here,
c0000060
everything's going
to be all right.
c0000061
[knocking]
I'm opening the door.
c0000062
If you're still changing,
then it's an accident.
c0000063
[door creaking]
c0000064
[grunts]
c0000065
It's going to take a while
for the bath to get hot.
c0000066
But if you stay like that
you're going to catch a cold.
c0000067
So, put your hands up in
the air.
c0000068
You're okay.
c0000069
All the bleeding seems
to have stopped.
c0000070
Do you want me
to take your pants
c0000071
and underwear off as well?
c0000072
- I can do that on my own.
c0000073
- I'll leave your change
of clothes out here.
c0000074
- Shoko-san.
- What is it?
c0000075
- I just...
c0000076
I couldn't do anything.
c0000077
- That's not the case at all.
c0000078
I'd say it was a valiant effor,
Sakuta.
c0000079
- What could you even know
about this situation?
c0000080
- I can tell what
you're thinking.
c0000081
That there may have been more
c0000082
that you could have done
for Kaede.
c0000083
I understand that sentiment.
c0000084
What it's like to regret things
like that.
c0000085
I am Shoko-san.
I can see through it all.
c0000086
How do you think Kaede felt?
c0000087
Do you think she held
a grudge against you?
c0000088
No, she loved you
the whole time, didn't she?
c0000089
- Maybe, but there's still more
I could have done.
c0000090
- Then you can do it next time
you have the opportunity.
c0000091
- There is no "next time"
for Kaede.
c0000092
- If you're going to have
an attitude like that,
c0000093
then honestly I feel sorry
for her.
c0000094
This time around she was trying
so hard so that
c0000095
you wouldn't have anything
to regret.
c0000096
For Kaede, having you
by her side through it all
c0000097
was her ultimate happiness.
c0000098
All along she was trying
so desperately to tell you tha.
c0000099
So if her feelings hadn't
been getting through to you,
c0000100
I feel sorry for her.
c0000101
November the fifth.
c0000102
"This will be
the first diary entry.
c0000103
"More to come soon.
c0000104
This is Kaede's diary.
c0000105
That's the name that my
big brother gave to me."
c0000106
- [gasps]
c0000107
- "Big brother bought
this notebook
c0000108
and this pen for her as well."
c0000109
"For family, Kaede has a father,
mother, and big brother,
c0000110
"but she doesn't
really understand.
c0000111
"They say that Kaede
has no memory.
c0000112
"Amnesia stemming
from dissociative disorder.
c0000113
That's what the doctor said.
Complicated."
c0000114
"They say until recently Kaede
wasn't Kaede."
c0000115
- They explained there was
a different Kaede
c0000116
that Kaede used to be but Kaede
doesn't know anything about he.
c0000117
She's never met this person.
It really is complicated.
c0000118
December 10th.
c0000119
Mother and Father look like
they're having
c0000120
a really tough time.
c0000121
Father spent his entire
hospital visit talking
c0000122
to the doctor.
c0000123
He kept asking the doctor,
"When will she be better?"
c0000124
Does Kaede have some kind
of illness?
c0000125
If the other Kaede's
memories return,
c0000126
what will happen
to this Kaede?
c0000127
If that happens,
where will she go?
c0000128
When she thinks about it,
she gets scared.
c0000129
She can't help but cry.
c0000130
March 7th.
c0000131
It's been decided
that Kaede's moving.
c0000132
Kaede is allowed to choose
which things she wants
c0000133
to bring with her.
c0000134
That's what big brother said.
c0000135
But the things in this room
are unfamiliar
c0000136
and make her feel uneasy.
c0000137
She decided to bring
the bookshelf
c0000138
and the books in it, though.
c0000139
The other Kaede must like book.
She has a lot.
c0000140
We're also bringing Nasuno
with us.
c0000141
We've arrived at our new home.
c0000142
Kaede thinks that someday
when she is healed,
c0000143
the other Kaede will return.
c0000144
So in this new home
for the sake of big brother
c0000145
who let Kaede be Kaede,
c0000146
she will do her best to become
a wonderful little sister.
c0000147
Big brother will be entering
c0000148
high school starting
this spring.
c0000149
He will be attending
c0000150
a school called Minegahara
High School.
c0000151
Big brother has just started
a part-time job.
c0000152
He'll be coming home very late
from now on.
c0000153
It's a little lonely,
c0000154
but Kaede must do her best
to keep Nasuno company.
c0000155
Big brother got his
first paycheck from work
c0000156
and he used it to buy
a panda DVD for me!
c0000157
Pandas are wonderful!
c0000158
They have healing powers!
c0000159
No way! Big brother
has a real live girlfriend!
c0000160
That sounds impossible,
but it's true.
c0000161
Mai is a really good person.
c0000162
She's actually famous
and is on TV.
c0000163
August 2nd.
c0000164
Big brother has a friend
who will be staying
c0000165
with us starting today.
c0000166
Her name is Rio Futaba.
c0000167
September 2nd.
c0000168
Big brother has become
a total playboy.
c0000169
But that's not actually true.
c0000170
Nodoka turned out
to be Mai's little sister.
c0000171
- "There is one thing
that Kaede knows."
c0000172
"Big brother's been holding ono
a lot of regret.
c0000173
"He feels that when
the other Kaede was bullied,
c0000174
he was unable to do anything
to take away her pain."
c0000175
- [gasps]
c0000176
- "That's why Kaede can tell
c0000177
"that if she were to disappear
c0000178
"like this then
it would happen again.
c0000179
He would regret it."
c0000180
"Saying he couldn't do anything
for her."
c0000181
"And so..."
c0000182
- And so Kaede decided
to write down a list of goals.
c0000183
Ones to be achieved together
with big brother.
c0000184
Even after Kaede is gone,
c0000185
Kaede doesn't want big brother
to have any regrets.
c0000186
She wants him to hold
his head high knowing he
c0000187
was able to grant so many
of her dreams.
c0000188
Instead of leaving behind
sad memories,
c0000189
she would like to leave memoris
that are fun, happy,
c0000190
and make you look back
and smile.
c0000191
Even if Kaede is no longer her,
c0000192
if big brother smiles whenever
he remembers her,
c0000193
she would be so happy.
c0000194
In order for that to happen,
Kaede will do her best.
c0000195
Most likely the time Kaede
has left in this world
c0000196
will soon be coming to an end.
c0000197
So please give Kaede some time.
c0000198
She just needs a little longer.
c0000199
- [crying]
c0000200
- Thanks to big brother,
c0000201
Kaede was able
to circle so many things.
c0000202
She was able to step outside
after being scared for so long.
c0000203
That's a big one!
c0000204
She was able to go
to Mai's place to visit, too.
c0000205
And she was able to ride
the train
c0000206
and have so much fun
at the beach.
c0000207
She even got to see pandas!
c0000208
It was sorta cheating
but she went to school, too.
c0000209
All those things are things
to big brother.
c0000210
Big brother has given Kaede
so much happiness.
c0000211
Kaede is so fortunate to be
big brother's little sister.
c0000212
She has always loved him
c0000213
and she will never stop
loving him.
c0000214
Tomorrow she will go
to school during the day.
c0000215
- [crying]
c0000216
- You don't have to hold
it back.
c0000217
- It's wrong for me
to be crying!
c0000218
If I cry here,
c0000219
it would be going against
everything Kaede wanted.
c0000220
She gave it everything she had.
c0000221
How could I trample on that?
c0000222
Make it all for nothing?
c0000223
- That deep sadness you feel
c0000224
is also something Kaede gave
to you.
c0000225
It's more precious
than you know.
c0000226
It's proof of just how big
Kaede's existence was.
c0000227
- [whimpering]
c0000228
- Sakuta,
you are the big brother.
c0000229
You need to accept it all.
c0000230
- [whimpering]
c0000231
[wailing]
c0000232
[groans]
c0000233
[grunts]
c0000234
[inhales]
c0000235
[cat purrs]
c0000236
[exhales]
c0000237
Man, I look rough.
c0000238
[stomach growls]
c0000239
[refrigerator humming]
c0000240
[chomping]
c0000241
[grunting]
c0000242
[aggressive chewing]
c0000243
[chuckling]
c0000244
[laughing]
c0000245
[exhales]
c0000246
- You have one new message.
c0000247
November 27th at 10:05 p.m.
c0000248
- Hi, it's me.
c0000249
Was Kaede able to go
to school today?
c0000250
I don't mind how late it is.
Give me a call.
c0000251
- [grunts]
c0000252
[cell phone vibrating]
c0000253
- [grunts]
c0000254
Sakuta?
c0000255
- Hello.
Good morning, Mai.
c0000256
I'm sorry about yesterday.
c0000257
There was a lot going on
and I pretty much passed out.
c0000258
So I didn't notice you
had called.
c0000259
- Don't worry about it.
c0000260
What happened with Kaede,
though?
c0000261
Did she go to school during
the day?
c0000262
- No, she wasn't able
to go to school.
c0000263
She's in the hospital right no.
c0000264
She actually regained
her old memories.
c0000265
- [gasps]
- But she doesn't seem
c0000266
to remember anything about
the past two years.
c0000267
Of course that includes you,
too.
c0000268
It looks like I'll have
to reintroduce you to her.
c0000269
- Sakuta.
c0000270
- Oh, but there's nothing
to worry about.
c0000271
She's completely
fine physically.
c0000272
Just getting a checkup
c0000273
and staying so the doctors
can observe her.
c0000274
- That's good,
but are you all right?
c0000275
- I did get a little confused
about everything yesterday.
c0000276
But I calmed down a lot by
morning.
c0000277
[knocking]
c0000278
- Mai, have you finished
getting ready yet?
c0000279
- Sorry, looks like
my ride's here.
c0000280
I have to go.
- Okay.
c0000281
We'll talk at length
later tonight then.
c0000282
I hope you have a great shoot.
c0000283
- Thanks. See you.
c0000284
[cars passing]
c0000285
- What happened yesterday?
c0000286
You said you had to use
the bathroom
c0000287
and never came back.
c0000288
- I had terrible diarrhea.
c0000289
I was becoming best friends
with the toilet bowl.
c0000290
- Why do you have
to be so nasty?
c0000291
- Anyway, do you like pandas?
- Uh, that was random.
c0000292
- Do you?
c0000293
- I mean, I don't hate them.
c0000294
- Then let's go see them
once you're discharged.
c0000295
- That's fine.
c0000296
But you're not making any sense.
- I want to go see them.
c0000297
Just come with me.
c0000298
- But why would you want
to go with your little sister?
c0000299
Shouldn't you find a girlfriend
c0000300
and go on a date
with her instead?
c0000301
- I already have a girlfriend.
- What? No way!
c0000302
- I'll introduce you soon
so you'd better brace yourself.
c0000303
[all speaking at once]
c0000304
- Okay, first real take!
- Take one!
c0000305
- Are you all right?
- [gasps]
c0000306
- Like, no relationship trouble?
c0000307
- [grunts]
I'm all right.
c0000308
- In the end I never saw
a single trace of Shoko-san
c0000309
after that night.
c0000310
My calls to the middle school
Makinohara haven't
c0000311
been answered, either.
c0000312
So what was Shoko-san's
existence?
c0000313
It doesn't make sense.
c0000314
- Shouldn't we consider
the possibility that
c0000315
the older Shoko Makinohara never
actually existed to begin with?
c0000316
- No, that's impossible.
I'm sure of it.
c0000317
-
But let's look at the facts.
c0000318
Two years ago and now,
c0000319
both of those times you were
the only one confirmed
c0000320
to have seen Shoko Makinohara.
c0000321
Nobody else was able
to observe her, right?
c0000322
- Talking about
observation again?
c0000323
- I can put it into more
simple terms if you'd prefer.
c0000324
What you saw was merely
an illusion
c0000325
that you created yourself.
c0000326
The fantasy of a rascal,
you could say.
c0000327
[doorbell rings]
- Hmm?
c0000328
This also a fantasy?
c0000329
You finished filming
the whole movie already?
c0000330
- No, just for today.
c0000331
I'll take
the first bullet train in
c0000332
the morning back up to Kanazawa.
c0000333
- [grunts]
- What? You're not happy?
c0000334
- Of course I'm happy.
Seriously, I'm just ecstatic.
c0000335
Oh, I'll make some tea.
c0000336
- Don't worry about the tea.
I'll handle it.
c0000337
You go and put some clothes on.
c0000338
You'll catch a cold.
- Got it.
c0000339
- [gasps]
c0000340
- You know, I really
was surprised to see you.
c0000341
If you were planning
on coming back,
c0000342
you could have let me know.
Wait, Mai, that's--
c0000343
- So, what is this about?
c0000344
- W--well, it's, you know, uh...
c0000345
On the day Kaede's
memory returned,
c0000346
Shoko-san suddenly
reappeared again.
c0000347
And after I ran into her,
c0000348
she saw how depressed I was
and came back here
c0000349
to cheer me up.
c0000350
When I woke up the next morning,
c0000351
I noticed she left that letter
for me.
c0000352
Oh, but it's not like Shoko-san
ended up staying overnight
c0000353
or anything like that.
No, hold on.
c0000354
Guess I can't say that. Man.
c0000355
I fell asleep so I don't
know exactly when she left.
c0000356
But it's fine, really!
c0000357
Don't worry.
Nothing suspicious happened.
c0000358
[grunts]
c0000359
That night I really did
cry myself to sleep.
c0000360
- Enough.
c0000361
As long as you're okay,
that's all that matters.
c0000362
- Mai, you--
- But sorry.
c0000363
- [gasps]
- I'll go back today after all.
c0000364
- Uh, wait! Go back?
c0000365
- To Kanazawa.
c0000366
The bullet trains
are still running.
c0000367
[footsteps approaching]
c0000368
- [breathing heavily]
Hold on a second, Mai!
c0000369
- [shudders]
c0000370
- Are you...
c0000371
[gasps]
c0000372
- I can't do stuff like that
for a while, okay?
c0000373
- I'm sorry, really.
c0000374
- I don't wanna hear
you apologize.
c0000375
That's not why I'm dating you,
Sakuta.
c0000376
- What's going on with you,
Sakuta?
c0000377
Your eyes look dead.
c0000378
- They look the same
as usual to me.
c0000379
- No, they look more dead
than usual today.
c0000380
- Sakuta, if you're
not feeling well,
c0000381
wouldn't it be best
to just go home?
c0000382
- No, I'm fine.
c0000383
Welcome.
[plates shattering]
c0000384
[groans]
- [shouting]
c0000385
What are you doin'?
Holy smokes!
c0000386
- What's this?
Waiting outside for me?
c0000387
- There's something that we need
to talk about.
c0000388
- Save it for another time.
I'm hungry.
c0000389
Plus I have way too much
to think about as it is.
c0000390
- All you need to be thinking
about right
c0000391
now is my big sister.
c0000392
- Just so you know, the
"way too much" is Mai-related.
c0000393
- Big sis had
to jump through hoops
c0000394
to come back from Kanazawa.
c0000395
- I'm telling you she's
misunderstanding all
c0000396
the stuff about Shoko-san.
- Huh?
c0000397
You think that's the issue here?
c0000398
There is no misunderstanding.
She trusts you?
c0000399
- Then why?
c0000400
- She came back because she
c0000401
was worried about you!
c0000402
She knows you've been having
a rough time lately
c0000403
with all the Kaede
stuff happening.
c0000404
She wanted to be by your side
and cheer you up even
c0000405
for a short while.
c0000406
Not to mention today
was even big sis's birthday.
c0000407
- Wait, birthday?
c0000408
- It's right here!
December 2nd!
c0000409
How do you not even know when
c0000410
your own girlfriend's
birthday is?
c0000411
- Toyohama, lend me your phone
a second.
c0000412
- Huh? Big sis is still on sight
for the shoot.
c0000413
- Please, just give me
the phone!
c0000414
- What's your plan?
- I can still make it.
c0000415
I just need to get
to Omiya and catch
c0000416
a bullet train from there.
- For real?
c0000417
- For real.
c0000418
- Call me when you make
it over there!
c0000419
I'll ask big sis where she is
without giving it away for you!
c0000420
[loud rumbling]
c0000421
[dramatic music]
c0000422
♪ ♪
c0000423
- [breathing heavily]
c0000424
[breathing heavily]
c0000425
[labored breathing]
c0000426
- And what are you doing here,
Sakuta?
c0000427
- [gasps]
c0000428
[gasping]
c0000429
- Nodoka was persistent
in contacting me
c0000430
so I thought you might show up.
c0000431
- Well, so much for not giving
anything away.
c0000432
- Must have really cost you
to come all the way out here.
c0000433
- Well, yeah, a little bit.
c0000434
- What about the fare back?
c0000435
- If I don't use
the bullet train
c0000436
I can probably make do.
- [exhales sharply]
c0000437
Hey, Ryoko,
I'm terribly sorry about this,
c0000438
but can you see if there
are any rooms open in
c0000439
the hotel the staff
are staying at?
c0000440
- I'll check that for you.
c0000441
- So, what?
- Well...
c0000442
[grunts]
c0000443
For starters,
c0000444
I wanted to tell you
happy birthday.
c0000445
- A bit late for that.
c0000446
- You only have 15 minutes
for your date.
c0000447
And also, please get properly
cheered up by your boyfriend.
c0000448
- You don't have
to say it like that.
c0000449
Give me a break, Ryoko.
c0000450
And what do you think you're
smiling at?
c0000451
Let's get going.
c0000452
- So you were feeling down.
c0000453
- You seem to be
in good spirits, Sakuta.
c0000454
- Don't worry. I was adequately
depressed myself, you know.
c0000455
- [exhales sharply]
c0000456
Anyway, it's totally freezing.
- Hmm?
c0000457
Didn't you say you couldn't
do stuff like this for a while?
c0000458
- It's cold so it's fine.
- [grunts]
c0000459
Hooray for winter.
c0000460
Hey, uh, I really am sorry
for everything.
c0000461
- It's fine now, okay?
c0000462
- It's not fine.
c0000463
Allow me to properly apologize.
c0000464
You were so worried about me
you rushed back home all
c0000465
the way from Kanazawa.
c0000466
- And I also need to apologize.
c0000467
I mean, you came all the way
here to see me in person.
c0000468
I should be honest with you.
c0000469
When everything happened,
c0000470
I knew you were going
to need someone
c0000471
to be there for you,
c0000472
but when I didn't end up being
that person,
c0000473
it was a shock for me.
c0000474
So yesterday--I guess now it'd
be the day before yesterday--
c0000475
that's why I said
the things I said.
c0000476
Sakuta.
- Hmm?
c0000477
- I'm so sorry you were scared
and suffering
c0000478
and I couldn't be there
when you needed me the most.
c0000479
- Your presence is enough.
c0000480
Just having you by my side
is enough to make me happy.
c0000481
- But then that means I'm
not doing anything at all.
c0000482
- And you don't need to.
c0000483
That's what's so amazing
about it, you know?
c0000484
[inhales sharply]
c0000485
That's why I wanna be someone
c0000486
like that for you.
c0000487
- Sakuta.
c0000488
- What is it?
- Close your eyes.
c0000489
- [gasps]
c0000490
[grunts]
c0000491
c0000492
- Sakuta.
c0000493
- Ow, ow, ow, ow!
That really hurts, Mai!
c0000494
Ah, what was that for?
- Come on.
c0000495
This is actually the best reward
I could have given you.
c0000496
Am I wrong?
[giggles]
c0000497
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000498
["Fukashigi no Carte" plays]
c0000499
♪ ♪
c0000500
c0000501
- Hey, um--
- Hmm?
c0000502
- Thanks so much, big brother.
c0000503
- No.
c0000504
I'm the one who should
be thanking you.
c0000505
- I'm confused.
What are you thanking me for?
c0000506
- [grunts]
c0000507
Oh, yeah.
c0000508
Kano said she wanted
to drop by sometime.
c0000509
That okay?
c0000510
- Komi said that?
- Uh-huh.
c0000511
- Yes, please.
c0000512
- Then I'll tell her you're up
for it.
c0000513
Anything else you wanna do?
c0000514
- Um, let's see.
c0000515
I want to go back to school.
c0000516
- [grunts]
c0000517
- I want to become able to go.
c0000518
- You're not afraid anymore?
c0000519
- I think I'll be fine.
c0000520
I mean...
- Hmm?
c0000521
- 'Cause I'm not alone.
c0000522
- [grunts]
c0000523
[chuckles]
c0000524
Ready?
c0000525
- Yep.
[giggles]
c0000526
- Oh, me.
I'm such a rascal.